#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
build==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
chardet==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readability-lxml
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   gtts
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
coverage[toml]==7.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readability-lxml
distlib==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
docker==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
duckduckgo-search==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
filelock==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.85.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gtts==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wsproto
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
identify==2.5.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via -r requirements.in
loguru==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readability-lxml
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
openai==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.8.10
    # via -r requirements.in
outcome==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   build
    #   docker
    #   pytest
    #   webdriver-manager
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
pillow==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-client==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
playsound==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pre-commit==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==4.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-benchmark
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   urllib3
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-benchmark
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-asyncio==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-benchmark==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-integration==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webdriver-manager
pytube==15.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pre-commit
readability-lxml==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2023.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   google-api-core
    #   gtts
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tiktoken
    #   tweepy
    #   webdriver-manager
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tweepy
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
selenium==4.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sourcery==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tiktoken==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   webdriver-manager
trio==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
tweepy==4.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   pinecone-client
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3[socks]==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   selenium
virtualenv==20.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
webdriver-manager==3.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
wheel==0.40.0
    # via pip-tools
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio-websocket
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
